Lucid Dreaming: Inception Style
Published on December 01, 2011.
I often have the problem that the moment I realize I’m dreaming, I wake up.
I never get a chance to do the cool stuff you’re supposed to do in a dream when you know what’s going on (like fly and whatnot).
Last night, I did end up having a lucid dream of sorts.
I was walking around a house when I realized I was dreaming.
I read somewhere that you can spin around really fast, and apparently that helps you stay in the dream and not wake up when you realize you’re dreaming.
I did this and was able to stay in the dream.
After that, I walked through the house some more and looked at the furnishings, thinking that I have a pretty cool brain for being able to invent that stuff on the fly.
Like, “wow, my mind just made up that sofa arrangement.”
At this point, I decided to do something more fun.
I tried moving parts of the house around with my mind, and see if I could demolish it.
It didn’t work.
Once I wasn’t able to control the dream, I woke up.
After I woke up, I decided I would try to go back to sleep and dream the same dream.
I wasn’t quite able to do this, though, because I was still dreaming!
What I thought was a lucid dream was really me dreaming that I was lucid dreaming.
I think this is the first case I can remember of having a dream inside of a dream.
I’m pretty sure I was dreaming that I woke up, because I can recall actually waking up and it being quite different from my dream waking up.
I think it’s kind of interesting that I was able to keep dreaming even though I realized I was in a dream partially due to the fact that I was dreaming of dreaming.
The complexity of dreams continues to surprise and confuse me.
Hopefully I am writing this blog post in a non-dream, because I’d really like to have a record of this dream in a dream.